Add note about NB_PPROF_ADDR environment variables (#798)
netbirdio/docs: src/pages/selfhosted/environment-variables.mdx

| `NB_DNS_DOMAIN` | DNS domain for peers |
| `NB_DISABLE_GEOLITE_UPDATE` | Disable GeoLite database updates |
| `NB_SETUP_PAT_ENABLED` | Enable optional Personal Access Token creation from `/api/setup` during initial setup. See [Automated Setup](/selfhosted/automated-setup). |

> | `NB_PPROF_ADDR` | The address of the Go pprof HTTP endpoint (e.g. `localhost:6060`). For profiling CPU, memory, and goroutine usage in production. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NB_PPROF_ADDR` | Override the listen address for the Go pprof profiling endpoint (CPU, memory, goroutines). Enabled by default on `localhost:6060`. |
```

| `NB_CERT_KEY` | TLS certificate key file |
| `NB_LOG_LEVEL` | Log level |
| `NB_LOG_FILE` | Log file path |

> | `NB_PPROF_ADDR` | The address of the Go pprof HTTP endpoint (e.g. `localhost:6060`). For profiling CPU, memory, and goroutine usage in production. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NB_PPROF_ADDR` | Override the listen address for the Go pprof profiling endpoint (CPU, memory, goroutines). Enabled by default on `localhost:6060`. |
```
